Add region to all OSB API requests (#1196)
kyma-incubator/compass: docs/kyma-environment-broker/02-02-broker-endpoints.md

# Kyma Environment Broker Endpoints

Kyma Environment Broker (KEB) implements the [Open Service Broker API](https://github.com/openservicebrokerapi/servicebroker/blob/v2.14/profile.md#service-metadata) (OSB API). All the OSB API endpoints are served with the following prefixes: 

| Prefix            | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|-------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `/`               | Defines prefix for legacy endpoint secured by basic access authentication. EDP is configured with region which defaults to **broker.defaultRequestRegion** value specified in [values.yaml](./../../chart/compass/charts/kyma-environment-broker/values.yaml) file. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `/`               | Defines a prefix for the legacy endpoint secured with the basic access authentication. EDP is configured with a region whose default value is specified under the **broker.defaultRequestRegion** parameter in the [`values.yaml`](./../../chart/compass/charts/kyma-environment-broker/values.yaml) file. |
```

Reviewer: Authentication or authorization?

Author: basic is a `authentication` :)

> | `/{region}`       | Defines prefix for legacy endpoint secured by basic access authentication. EDP is configured with region value specified in request.                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `/{region}`       | Defines a prefix for the legacy endpoint secured with the basic access authentication. EDP is configured with the region value specified in the request.                                                                                                                                |
```

Reviewer: Authentication or authorization?

> | `/oauth`          | Defines prefix for endpoint secured by OAuth2 authorization. EDP is configured with region which defaults to **broker.defaultRequestRegion** value specified in [values.yaml](./../../chart/compass/charts/kyma-environment-broker/values.yaml) file.               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `/oauth`          | Defines a prefix for the endpoint secured with the OAuth2 authorization. EDP is configured with a region whose default value is specified under the  **broker.defaultRequestRegion** parameter specified in the [`values.yaml`](./../../chart/compass/charts/kyma-environment-broker/values.yaml) file.               |
```

> | `/oauth`          | Defines a prefix for the endpoint secured with the OAuth2 authorization. EDP is configured with a region whose default value is specified under the  **broker.defaultRequestRegion** parameter specified in the [`values.yaml`](./../../chart/compass/charts/kyma-environment-broker/values.yaml) file.               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `/oauth`          | Defines a prefix for the endpoint secured with the OAuth2 authorization. EDP is configured with a region whose default value is specified under the **broker.defaultRequestRegion** parameter in the [`values.yaml`](./../../chart/compass/charts/kyma-environment-broker/values.yaml) file.               |
```

> | `/oauth/{region}` | Defines prefix for endpoint secured by OAuth2 authorization. EDP is configured with region value specified in request.                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `/oauth/{region}` | Defines a prefix for the endpoint secured with the OAuth2 authorization. EDP is configured with the region value specified in the request.                                                                                                                           |
```

> > **NOTE:** The KEB does not implement the OSB API update operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** KEB does not implement the OSB API update operation.
```

> Beside OSB API endpoints KEB exposes the REST `/info/runtimes` endpoint that provides information about all created Runtimes, both succeeded and failed. This endpoint is secured with the OAuth2 authorization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides OSB API endpoints, KEB exposes the REST `/info/runtimes` endpoint that provides information about all created Runtimes, both succeeded and failed. This endpoint is secured with the OAuth2 authorization.
```
